hey guys just peachy now I know this is
a shocker I have no makeup on and my
face looks a little bit oily and greasy
because it's like a million degrees here
in LA and it's hot and I just can't deal
with hair so I decided let me do a quick
video about my hair and what I'm what
I'm doing and how I did this and this is
the same unit from California lace wigs
the kinky waterways and I just have it
you guys know me and braids and slick
and hair that's just what I did
but it's so freaking hot nobody wants to
bond a wig down glue it down do and that
in the heat like this so what I did was
I bobby pin the insides of the hair on
the sides I just bobby pin them back and
blended my hair with the unit itself so
I can get a more natural effect and
because I use a little bit of tape here
in the center the tape is holding the
wig a little flat and you can see you
know what I mean by that
so now I have the camera kind of free so
I can kind of show you guys and go up
close so you can see it because
sometimes the camera can pick up things
that you really can't see with the naked
eye and that's what I look for when I
wear anyway or apply a wig and I'm gonna
just kind of walk you through this
because I always get people saying well
how come you didn't show me or how come
you didn't explain it well I don't I'm
not a professional and I apologize for
that in advance I just kind of try to
tell you guys what I did that's why I
don't really do hair cuz I just I just
can't explain it that great so I can
show you and then hopefully you could
just copy it because for me the key to a
natural-looking unit or a natural
looking wing itself is to style it in a
natural style I do wear it down because
people who have long hair wear their
hair down and they style it naturally so
let me stop talking and just show you
okay so I take this piece here and I
just make sure that I haven't flat to my
flat to my hair
and then here I blend a blend this with
my natural hair okay and mostly this
part is my hair the rest is the unit
itself and then I just go all the way
around
and braid it now my hair is pretty
already like it's already dry it's not
wet at all because it's a million
degrees here and it's hot so if you if
you have a wig that matches your texture
whether it's kinky straight kinky curly
or Sweeney or natural straight just
blend the sides of your hair to make it
look natural I mean that's pretty much
all I do to make it as natural as
possible so when people see me they
don't really question my hair you know
because they don't know you guys know
how I am a natural sunlight so hopefully
you guys can see that as well and just
natural sunlight and what it looks like
I don't have any makeup on because like
I said some million degrees here it's
really hot and I just just can't do it
and I see so many videos of people
wearing wigs and they don't have them
applied but they look a mess
so I don't want to look at mess I'm
gonna fill it with a mess and I want my
hair to look as natural as possible so
you see it in the raw you see it up
close you know you see it you see it
without makeup this is just as real as
it's gonna get so hopefully this answers
some questions that I've been getting
okay